Josh Groban has a new album out he's
been doing some interesting things
josh has actually taken words from
another high-profile performer not songs
but words that he's made into lyrics and
put to music it's kind of the reverse of
a cover album it's hard to explain but
he's promoting this album with a
television commercial and I have a
feeling I really think this is gonna put
him back in the Grammy what race for
next year - he sold more than 20 million
albums worldwide and now Oscar and
Grammy nominee Josh Groban releases his
most anticipated album yet oh hello
there I'm Oscar and Grammy nominated
singer Josh Groban if you love Kanye
West's tweets as much as I do you are
going to love my new well Josh Groban's
the best tweets of Kanye West
[Music]
[Applause]
you know what fine
[Music]
until I can table at most his tweets are
140 characters but the depth of his
passion is immeasurable
[Music]
whatever
[Applause]
you'll get all of your favorites and
many many more Josh Groban's the best
weeks of 10 minutes
includes 752 original songs and 48 CDs
[Music]
in stories not